feat: added section for multipart/form-data and binary (#735)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/widgets/filepicker.md

To learn how to upload or manage files on Cloudinary with the Filepicker widget, [read this tutorial](https://www.appsmith.com/blog/upload-and-manage-files-on-cloudinary-with-the-filepicker-widget).
:::

### **Further reading**

The following resources should come in handy as you need to learn new tricks:

* [Connecting to Datasources](/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources)
* [Appsmith Framework](../appsmith-framework/)
* [JavaScript Editor](../../core-concepts/writing-code/javascript-editor-beta/)
* [Uploading a File to S3](../../learning-and-resources/how-to-guides/how-to-upload-to-s3.md)

> * [How to submit multipart form data and binary file data via API](/learning-and-resources/how-to-guides/how-to-submit-multipart-and-binary-form-data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Upload File Data with API Requests](/learning-and-resources/how-to-guides/how-to-submit-multipart-and-binary-form-data)
```
